"""
Misadventures of a Confused TWA Natural

You just got invited on a date this Saturday with a hot guy. Yay! 
He prefers girls with long silky hair. Up until yesterday, that would've 
been fine by you, considering your waist-length locks, part of what 
attracted him to you in the first place. However, you had been 
transitioning for the past 6 months. Last night, as you lamented the 
struggles of managing 2 textures, India Arie's 'I am not my hair' 
came on the radio and you got the bright idea to chop off all your hair.
You're now working with a 3-inch TWA and pending date in 48 hours. 
How do you respond to his invite?
"""

"""
1) Decline invite
	Exit : Panic and never say anything to him ever again. While you're at it, also
	unfriend him on Facebook and unfollow him on IG, Twitter & Snapchat. Better safe then sorry.
2) Accept invite
	Prompt money: What's your budget for looking good?
	Prompt time: How many hours are you willing to invest stying your hair?
		
		A) if HIGH money, HIGH time: Salon - African Braiding
			Tension decision: Fatou, a Senegalese stylist, assumes that you like her prior
			customers prefer her tight braiding method. She draws a part and grabs your strands
			to form a braid. You feel the individual hairs being ripped from your scalp. 
			What do you do?
			
			i) Accept
			Exit : She finishes the style. You look nice on your date (though a bit alien-like) 
			because your hairline looks like you have braids sprouting directly from your scalp. 
			A month into dating him, you're having a steamy makeout session and during the close-eyed
			lip-locking he runs his hands through the back of your head. A braid slips out into hand 
			with your strands attached (bulb & all). He's freaked out and runs away. 
			You never hear from him again.

			ii) Refuse
				Prompt: You run out of the salon. Do you wanna try another salon or just DIY at home?
				1) Salon - Dominican
				2) Home - Crochet Braids

			iii) Reason with her
				While loop with a countdown. 
				She says okay and promises to loosen her braiding grip. Then she finishes her tight braid, 
				grabs a comb, draws another part and proceeds to rip your hair out with this next braid. 
				1 braid down. 1,244 to go. Take you back to beginning of tension decision while loop.
				If we get to 0 to go, then route game to the i) Accept option where she finishes & Exit ...

		B) if HIGH money, LOW time: Salon - Dominican
			Heat decision: Maria, Dominican stylist, sews a few tracks around your head for length & volume.
			She leaves out your edges and U-part section of your crown for a natural effect. Because you're 
			unrelaxed, she's gotta heat-straighten to blend with your silky, bone-straight weave. 
			Can she keep passing the hot iron on your hair until it matches?

			i) Accept
			While loop with a countdown. 
			She spritzes some heat protectant spray and smoothes on an alcohol-rich, edge control.
			Then she runs the sections of your leave-out between the hot plates. Still not straight enough to match.
			Take you back to the beginning of heat decision while loop. If we get to 7x in this accept sub-loop, 
			then route the game to ii) Refuse option where you walk out & exit...

			ii) Refuse
			Exit: Walk out wearing a headband over your leave-out. Date goes okay but you're self-conscious about your 
			look and even moreso when he asks why you're wearing a sweatband outside of the gym? :-/

		C) if LOW money, HIGH time: Home - Crochet Braids
			Fatigue decision: Your hands are getting tired having to manipulate that Kanekelon 
			to make it to look less like plastic. Do you accept the challenge of pushing through despite your intense 
			finger and wrist pain and keep styling?
			
			i) Accept
			While loop with a countdown. After 3 runs through this while loop with you accepting the pain, 
			your hands fall off and you're now stuck with an almost cute style but no hands. 
				Prompt: Do you have an iPhone or Droid cell phone?
				1) Exit - iPhone: Hey Siri! saves the day. You can use voice-to-text to let him know 
					you can't make tomorrow's date because you're on your way to the ER now to see if 
					they can re-attach your hands. Hopefully you can get a rain check
					for a few months from now when you've completed physical therapy and will be ready 
					to take him up on that date offer. 
				2) Exit - Droid: No Siri so you're a no-call-no-show. No prospective boyfriend and also no hands. Welp!
			
			ii) Refuse
			Go back to BSS and buy a wig to do the Home - Wig option

		D) if LOW money, LOW time: Home - Wig
		Prompt: So many styles to choose from at the MegaWig Beauty Supply Store. Torn between lace wigs held on 
		by adhesive versus those using elastic bands, you opt for one with adhesive. Crust builds up on your hairline and when he tries to help you out by flicking at the tiny, crystal chunk on your hairline, the chunk breaks off and the wig falls back onto your chair. How does he react?
				1) Helps you
				Route game back to original Accept Invite but not gussied up option. exit 

				2) Teases you
				Exit: Kill him for hurting your feelings and then become a fugitive on the run for the rest of your life

			\
"""